fix: layout docs (#2947)
novuhq/novu: docs/docs/platform/layouts.md

Layouts can be manipulated and assigned to new and existing templates within the Novu platform,
allowing users to create, manage, and assign these layouts to templates, so they can be reused to structure the appearance of notifications sent through the platform.

> By default, a Novu will create a default layout and assign it as the organization's default layout. At any time, you can choose any of your layouts as the default for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Novu will create a default layout and assign it as the organization's default layout. At any time, you can choose any of your layouts as the default for your organization.
```

:::

## Assign layout to template

To assign, choose a layout through the email editor.

> You can preview your layout combined with your email content through the `Preview` tab.

Reviewer: Nice addition!

   <div align="center">
     <picture>
       <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="/img/platform/layouts/dark-assign-layout.png"/>
       <img src="/img/platform/layouts/light-assign-layout.png" width="680" alt="Logo"/>
     </picture>
   </div>

## Using SDK

> Novu SDK supports all layout functionalities as follows:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Novu SDK supports all layout functionalities:
```

### Create a new layout

> A new layout can be created with name, description, content, variables and isDefault. Here content is html content with custom variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new layout can be created with name, description, content, variables and an isDefault flag. Here, content param is html content with custom variables.
```

});
```

```typescript
interface ITemplateVariable {
  type: TemplateVariableTypeEnum;
  name: string;
  required?: boolean;
  defaultValue?: string | boolean;
}

enum TemplateVariableTypeEnum {
  STRING = 'String',
  ARRAY = 'Array',
  BOOLEAN = 'Boolean',
}
```

### Update existing layout

> When updating none of the properties is mandatory and SDK will only update the ones passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating a layout, all properties are optional and the SDK will only update the ones passed.
```

});
```

And to set a layout as default programmatically it is as easy as to execute:
### Set default layout

When executing this, the existing default layout in the environment will be automatically set as non default and the chosen layout will be set as default. This action is non reversible.

```typescript
const layoutId: LayoutId = '<LAYOUT_ID>'; // The unique identifier of the layout to be set as default.

await novu.layouts.setDefault(layoutId);
```

When executing this, the existing default layout in the environment will be automatically set as non default and the chosen layout will be set as default. This action is non reversible.
### Delete an existing layout

## Assign Layout to template

To assign, choose a layout through the email editor.
You can preview your layout combined with your email content through the `Preview` tab.

   <div align="center">
     <picture>
       <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="/img/platform/layouts/dark-assign-layout.png"/>
       <img src="/img/platform/layouts/light-assign-layout.png" width="680" alt="Logo"/>
     </picture>

>    </div>

Reviewer 2: Any reason the screenshot is deleted from the docs?

Reviewer: He just changed its location to a new section
